README.md, before:

# Setup Wwise

Set up your GitHub Actions workflow with a specific version of Wwise SDK.

> Minimum supported Wwise SDK version: `2022.1.16`

### Inputs

| Name            | Description                                                                                                                                    |
| --------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `wwise-version` | Wwise version to use, in `YEAR.MAJOR.MINOR` or `YEAR.MAJOR` format. <br/> Latest minor version will be installed when use `YEAR.MAJOR` format. |
| `email`         | Email of audiokinetic account.                                                                                                                 |
| `password`      | Password of audiokinetic account.                                                                                                              |

### Outputs

| Name            | Description                  |
| --------------- | ---------------------------- |
| `wwise-version` | The installed wwise version. |

### Defined Variables

This action will export these environment variables to your workflow job.

| Name        | Value                                                                       |
| ----------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `WWISEROOT` | `<HOME>/Wwise/<VERSION>`                                                    |
| `WWISESDK`  | `<HOME>/Wwise/<VERSION>/SDK`                                                |
| `NDKROOT`\* | `ANDROID_NDK_HOME` if runner support `Android` target, otherwise undefined. |

### Supported Targets

| Runner Image | Targets                          |
| ------------ | -------------------------------- |
| `ubuntu`     | `Android`, `Linux`               |
| `windows`    | `Windows_vc160`, `Windows_vc170` |
| `macos`      | `iOS`, `Mac`                     |

Commit message:

build android targets on windows

README.md, after:

# Setup Wwise

Set up your GitHub Actions workflow with a specific version of Wwise SDK for DSP plugin development.

> Minimum supported Wwise SDK version: `2022.1.16`

### Inputs

| Name            | Description                                                                                                                                    |
| --------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `wwise-version` | Wwise version to use, in `YEAR.MAJOR.MINOR` or `YEAR.MAJOR` format. <br/> Latest minor version will be installed when use `YEAR.MAJOR` format. |
| `email`         | Email of audiokinetic account.                                                                                                                 |
| `password`      | Password of audiokinetic account.                                                                                                              |

### Outputs

| Name            | Description                  |
| --------------- | ---------------------------- |
| `wwise-version` | The installed wwise version. |

### Defined Variables

This action will export these environment variables to your workflow job.

| Name        | Value                                                                       |
| ----------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `WWISEROOT` | `<HOME>/Wwise/<VERSION>`                                                    |
| `WWISESDK`  | `<HOME>/Wwise/<VERSION>/SDK`                                                |
| `NDKROOT`\* | `ANDROID_NDK_HOME` if runner support `Android` target, otherwise undefined. |

### Supported Targets

| Runner Image | Targets                                     |
| ------------ | ------------------------------------------- |
| `ubuntu`     | `Linux`                                     |
| `windows`    | `Windows_vc160`, `Windows_vc170`, `Android` |
| `macos`      | `iOS`, `Mac`                                |

Android target is only supported on `windows` runners, to align with Audiokinetic's official build environment.
